Kubernetes: remove outdated files and update guide (#25835)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/communications.md

6. GitHub will run a series of automated checks and notify the reviewer. At this point, you are done and can safely close the browser page at any time.
8. Check the “Files changed” section on the Open a pull request page to double-check your proposed changes.

> > Note: Pages in the `./docs/Contributing/` folder are not included in the documentation on the Fleet website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Pages in the `./docs/Contributing/` folder are not included in the documentation on the [fleetdm.com](https://fleetdm.com/).
```
This has absolutely nothing to do with the change but "the Fleet website" sounds off to me. 🤷‍♂️ Either way, ✅
